Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Trisha G: Hi, how are you
Trisha G: Not so great. I've been rushing
Trisha G: Yesterday, my son, the one that's mentally ill had another
Trisha G: One of those episodes where he loses in breaks everything and I don't know how to explain it really goes kind of crazy and then
Trisha G: I've been at the hospital with him all night. And today, and I have to go back at 330 to take them to another doctor to see if they're going to have many more.
Trisha G: Give him some different manner or something, cuz he's already on this shots and and the myth that the shots are helping, not the meds. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's wrong with your son, he's
Trisha G: Well he's schizophrenia, but he's also has brain trauma accident. He was in
Trisha G: His own he has a lot of mental problems.
Trisha G: I said yes. And as he gets older, he gets younger age wise, like in his mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, how are you dealing with it all.
Trisha G: I'm trying
Trisha G: As hard as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like it's hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you doing for self care for yourself.
Trisha G: Nothing, just so what I'm doing here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have do you have anybody that can help you. That helps you
Trisha G: Um, no, not really. No with my son.
Trisha G: It's just telling us to. That's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you you can't get like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A respite.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Person to help you with him once in a while so that you can get some good
Trisha G: He won't he won't go along with it is like he qualifies for full time.
Trisha G: When I even suggested to him. He gets up out of whack over and starts settle just getting real angry and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you're doing to take care of yourself when you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Little, little reprieves moments for yourself.
Trisha G: I just relax you know
Trisha G: That's the thing I need the most
Trisha G: when ever I get a break from him. I'll just, I'll go and lay back and relax. Yeah. Be quiet, you know, no noise.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No noise.
Trisha G: Yeah, I can't because he's pretty noisy. He don't he doesn't never stopped talking
Trisha G: He's constantly talking to someone. I don't know who
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: does he sleep, does he sleep at night.
Trisha G: Well, like you said, most of the night. Not all night. Usually, but most of it, cuz he's awesome with that they do make him go to sleep at night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorrow. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay, this is a good place for you to be able to have a release. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's got to be a hard situation for you.
Trisha G: It is, and I just some not. I don't think I'm qualified really
Trisha G: Because I don't know how they handle a lot of things like you know it's the police bring him home all the time when he gets out illegals wandering around, and they bring home they already got to adulterous passing things on him for my neighbors around here and
Trisha G: I don't know. I just know how to do it really
Trisha G: Just trying
Trisha G: To like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just doing the best that you can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he doesn't want anybody to or he's uncomfortable or doesn't like somebody else coming in the house to help you. Yeah.
Trisha G: What, no one else here and
Trisha G: He's you know he's 34 years old so he's a grown man, but it's like a child. And I'll explain it yes mentality of like a 1213 year old right now that
Trisha G: So he's pretty difficult, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, through this whole thing we've got to figure out a way for you to be able to get some kind of self care going on to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I know this isn't
Trisha G: I'm trying to talk him into. Let me get somebody to come help me every now and then.
Trisha G: I know he's starting to listen more about it, but
Trisha G: I think maybe eventually he'll let me do that, you know,
Yeah.
Trisha G: Yes, to agree to it or they won't do it.
Trisha G: The police tell me that I should go to the courts and I don't know what they need. They say, claiming incompetent or something, I don't know, so that he doesn't get more trouble.
Trisha G: I don't know what that is, but I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just where you go and take basically like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like power over power of attorney over his care over what he does. And so he wouldn't really have a say so in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some, yeah. You just kind of take away that
Trisha G: Right for him to do.
Trisha G: He, he is already appointed a treatment guardian and pay for his disability check
Trisha G: So he doesn't control any of that, or neither do I. It's all done by them.
Trisha G: All I gotta do is really just take care of me, you know,
Trisha G: That's the hard sometimes because he's stubborn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And look what it's doing to you, you know, yeah.
It's because
Trisha G: I was gone, you know, and I was in prison for a couple of years and
Trisha G: He wasn't this bad when I left and
Trisha G: I don't know. So I don't know how to just jump in there and
Trisha G: Take over everything work right you know the sees a lot worse than in so I'm not really normal to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there anybody that you that you could talk to and get information friend that can kind of who took care of them. Are you were in prison.
Trisha G: Yeah, my mom took care of him. But she's 90 years old and she said she can't do it. The more she scared of me. So she said, I'm gonna have to do all of it now. So she was just waiting for the day it out so she could
Trisha G: That we have in you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In
Trisha G: Which I don't blame her. She's the old and she's really little, and she He scares me because he's a big guy, you know,
Trisha G: Yeah, and when he gets mad.
Trisha G: Like he broke all my windows out of my home twice already. And that scares her when he does stuff like that.
Trisha G: She thinks he's gonna hurt her, but
Trisha G: I DON'T THINK HE WILL THAT SHE THINKS HE WILL so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think
Trisha G: I don't think he's like violent towards will hurt one of us.
Trisha G: Will destroy a lot of things he destroys a lot of stuff.
Trisha G: I mean, in the home that
Trisha G: He has paid is to get it replaced, that's not the answer. You know, it's just replacing it. I'm trying to get him on the right man. So that is because for under control what he does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So do. How did you get them to the hospital.
Trisha G: And I had a friend, give us a writing job so I don't have a car that I can go, but she she started by her and she just takes us and justice out whenever he like that or else I'll call it an evidence. Sometimes I
Trisha G: Call the police and they call an ambulance. I don't
Trisha G: Like they'll sit, they'll kind of see what's going on. And then they call
Trisha G: It's called
Trisha G: She's like an Uber is like an emergency care for people that are Maria
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to go back up to the hospital at 330
Trisha G: Yeah well to a doctor's office and I'm just gonna, it's a different doctor, they're going to see about a Smith, maybe they can get him on something different because he takes like the hell is all shot twice a month and it takes like five other pills to but not during the trip anymore.
Trisha G: It's like you don't hurry take anything
Trisha G: I guess he's getting immune to it. I don't know what why it doesn't work. I really don't understand if I check all those IV not cold.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I'm sure you would.
I wish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish that there was an easy answer, you know, or solution for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, for this because it weighs on you know on you emotionally, mentally and physically to yeah you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Having to walk through this stuff and not having, you know, really good self care really put you you know at a higher risk.
Trisha G: For here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, for sickness for flus for all that stuff to you know
Yeah.
So, Tommy.
Trisha G: Is
Trisha G: Here. So that's one of the big reasons why I'm trying to stay clean and do good myself is just saw before him, you know, you don't have anybody and
Trisha G: You know, he needs me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about what you need.
Trisha G: I don't know. I really, there's nothing I need really
Trisha G: I don't have a relationship with anyone, or I really don't have friends so
Trisha G: My life is pretty much just whatever he needs right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me how your recovery has been going
Trisha G: It's going good on that.
Trisha G: Doctor kindle up my dosage. That's another thing I was gonna see if you could do me a favor and we're, we're done. If you could have
Trisha G: I don't know how to get ahold of her. I asked the other lady, because I need to get my boxing and
Trisha G: She hasn't renewed my prescription. I think it's because I didn't make it to the group, yesterday I called and told them what I was whereas that was going on that. I don't know. She got the message. You're not
Trisha G: left a message, she never got it. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I can initiate that right now. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kindle.
Trisha G: Because I'm already out of my, my, the ones that I had and
Trisha G: I don't know. It just makes it harder on me when I don't have nothing.
Trisha G: To help me with this is for notice
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you spell your last name, Patricia
Trisha G: GT I eat are easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, and they see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they have you had any issues with your meds.
Trisha G: I know after she up a dosage I'm it's working pretty good enough.
Trisha G: She put me on 12 milligrams of, you know, instead of eight and I say you
Trisha G: Know, instead of one.
Trisha G: And it's working better now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yeah.
Trisha G: I haven't had any problems there.
Trisha G: Today I haven't taken any bit because I ran out.
The
Trisha G: Referral or not. I don't know if you will, because I didn't make it through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably, yeah, that's usually kind of how they do it. If you aren't making it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To grow or
Trisha G: Lot did
Trisha G: I guess they had already finished because I just missed when I logged in.
I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I put it in the two places that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to put it
Trisha G: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that they can get that handled for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It helps with anxiety and depression, too.
Trisha G: Yeah, it does. Especially my anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you didn't make it to group last night because your son was in the hospital. Yeah.
Trisha G: Well, we were up at the hospital. He wasn't admitted or anything.
Trisha G: I gotta write up there. And I just, they were deciding what to do. They were up there for hours, but then they send us back home and said, give me a name of a new doctor, I gotta take him to to see if they can figure something out.
Trisha G: Because he's in and out of the hospital, all the time and they really can do a lot in there anyhow. It just try my numerator, whatever, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Trisha G: So if I don't have to admit him. I don't, because there's it really doesn't make a difference whether he's here getting treated or they're just like a stick and monetary more there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do when they when's the last time he was admitted
Trisha G: It's been like, oh, I'd say a couple of months now, since he was
Trisha G: He's been in there 18 times this year already
Trisha G: It's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a lot for someone to handle
Yeah.
Trisha G: And so like is also often I don't even have to give this information they already have it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good, so you don't have to keep repeating yourself.
Trisha G: Yeah, it's a
Trisha G: Mental like it's for
Trisha G: Hospitals for mental illness and for I think drug rehab too so
Trisha G: It's good, you know, it's a good hospital.
Trisha G: He goes to that one and the one domino pestle called the peak and they're pretty good to
Trisha G: That sounds too far. I don't have a car. So I can go to hell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, Trisha, you're going through an awful lot right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, with not having
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know a way for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any kind of release. You've got to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To engage in something to keep your own sanity through this whole thing, you know.
Yeah.
Trisha G: I feel better now. I know that I let all my troubles out on you for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what I'm here for.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and we can certainly adjust, you know, to me, we can adjust our meeting time to early afternoons to in the middle of the day, you know, whenever is his best to me, you know, for you and your schedule. Okay.
Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you'll have it within an hour. Okay.
Trisha G: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they're getting on top of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's a piece of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is, you know, you have to be able to check in and to be able to handle it. And if you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At in in a waiting room or at the hospital with your son or whatever it you just, you know, still call in and tell them where you're at and what what's going on. You know what I mean, they're definitely really good about helping and working with you. Okay.
Trisha G: All right, I'll remember that I wasn't sure if I should call a little bit there.
Trisha G: I will not sign up there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Yeah, do it. So tell me, what would be a good time for us to check in with each other next week.
Trisha G: Well, like, usually around, I'd say around
Trisha G: 430 or five is my quiet quite a time when he's like real successful young stuff and he is tired. That's when I can usually do something, just relax or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we can change your next week's appointment to 430 on Wednesday.
Trisha G: Okay. That'd be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let's let me do that really fast, so that way it's done. We don't have to worry about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesday the 4:30pm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For 30 year time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were you up.
Trisha G: As a bicycle located
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm in California. So we're an hour.
Trisha G: Earlier.
Trisha G: Yeah 30 my time would be 330 your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That work.
Trisha G: Yeah, that's fine.
Trisha G: That should work fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright 330
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Years old, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you know things are are haywire and you can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay on the line with me, that's okay too. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just as long as we have enough time that we can check in and I can see if you're okay, making sure you're not in too much distress and that's okay because you got to be able to have your outlet to while you're going through all this stuff right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And if you want to do this more than you know once a week if that's if that's something that you want to do, let me know. We can do it, you know, we can meet you know more than once a week for a while until things stabilize, you know, with your son, that's fine too.
Trisha G: OK, I will let you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're feeling better right now.
Trisha G: Yeah, I feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you can take a deep breath and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to get as much rest as you can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, maybe really try to work on him to allow you to have somebody come in to have you, to help you to get some respite.
Trisha G: Yeah, I think so. I think if I can convince him of the difference
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to have an outlet to, you know, it's a lot of work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To work with somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That has issues and it's wearing on yeah you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's nothing wrong with we're taking care of yourself a little bit
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal.
Trisha G: Yeah, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, when is your when is your group.
Trisha G: Tuesdays at 430
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have group Tuesdays at 430 and then you'll meet with me Wednesday at 430 year time
Trisha G: Okay, that sounds wonderful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so your they'll have your medication ready for you within an hour.
Trisha G: Great, thank you.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So focus on self care tonight when you get home.
Trisha G: I will, I should be home within a couple hours, I hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a ride there.
Trisha G: Yeah, my mom said she she still works full time, she said it off. We're taking her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now she still works full time.
Trisha G: She's a home health care giver.
Trisha G: Oh, wow. Very good. She takes care of a man that's 96
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Trisha G: She's been working well for years.
Trisha G: She's all worried about the sort of thing happens to me if I get to get another job. I said, you don't need to get another job. Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's apparently
Trisha G: She's so funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's just, you know, let's stay in close contact and let's work together through this so that you have some kind of outlet while you're getting things stable.
Trisha G: Thank you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you next week and get some rest. Okay.
Trisha G: All right, thank you so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Bye bye.